Add dependencies IP check (#288)
eclipse-che/che-dashboard: README.md

yarn start:prod --env.server=https://codeready-codeready-workspaces-operator.apps.sandbox.x8i5.p1.openshiftapps.com
```

### Dependencies IP

To make sure all the dependencies satisfy Eclipse [Intellectual Property](https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#ip),
this repo uses https://github.com/che-incubator/dash-licenses which is a wrapper for https://github.com/eclipse/dash-licenses.

> So, check .deps/EXCLUDED/prod.md for dependencies use package and .deps/dev.md for ones we use at build time.

Reviewer: I know I provided it but just as an example ) It needs the following fixes:
```suggestion
So, check [.deps/prod.md](https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-dashboard/blob/main/.deps/prod.md) for dependencies we package and [.deps/dev.md](https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-dashboard/blob/main/.deps/dev.md) for ones we use at build time only.
```

Author: Ok. I have fixed it.

> Run the license check:

Reviewer: It would be more clear if it says `To generate dependencies info`, since I don't expect from check run to generate anything.

Author: Ok. I have fixed it.

```sh

> yarn licenseCheck

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn license:generate
```

Author: I have fixed it.
